Hi, Micah Here.
Did it work?


10-1-24
Q1: What was your role?
My role is the Quality Assurance.
Q2: What are the responsibilities of your role?
The responsibilites of my role is to test the website, find any bugs or anything that is not how it is supposed to be, and let the rest of the team know.
Q3: What did you work on today?
I have gone ahead and joined the project, whilst also making my own file.
Q4: What was the biggest challenge today?
The biggest challenge was uploading this current file.
Q5: What are your goals for the project?
My goals for this project is to expand my portfolio whilst also learning more about coding.
Q6: What will you work on tomorrow?
I will help out with website development tomorrow whilst also testing all of our changes.

10-2-24
Q1: What new challenge arose today?
No challenges arose today for us
Q2: What is 1 resource you are using to learn/research?
Google chrome.
Q3: What is 1 resource you are using to collaborate better with your teammates?
Canva

10-3-24
Changes I made for today: Fixed a few errors

Q1:
I believe that I could put in more effort, but for the current moment, there is not much more I can do due to my role and my lack of knowledge.
Q2:
Make an actual functioning site
Q3:
NPM being difficult
Q4:
During the first half of class, focus on researching important info that we may need, and for the 2nd half, look into our code to search for any and all mistakes

10-4-24
Changes I made for today: Made it so that we can go to the different pages through the index.html

10-8-24
Changes I made today: Fixed our page swaping again since we swapped all our files from the client folder to the server folder

What is one idea/topic that you have had to revisit from last year while building your project?
Q1: CSS

What is one real world reference web site that you have used to inspire your work on this project? What is it about that site that appeals to you?
Q2: Chase. The colors on the site and the way it is all arranged makes it easy to use and easy to see.

Have you considered how users with sight disabilities might view your site? Have you taken into account color blindness or poor vision? Do you need to reexamine or recalibrate your sites font sizes or colors?
Q3: We have not. We may need to recalibrate our sites font sizes and colors, however I am unsure as I am just QA.

10-9-24
I did not make any changes today, as I did not find any errors that needed to be fixed.

Adaptability
Q1: There were a few unexpected challenges where we had to fix our page swapping issues and some spelling issues, however we overall pushed through and got through it, becoming an even stronger team.

Code Quality Reflection
Q2: Overall, I believe that our code is pretty messy, but it is still functioning. If we had more time, I might have been able to re-organize our code so that it would be much easier to read, but we ran out of time.

Role Responsibilities
Q3: I interpreted my role, quality assurance, as the person who helps research data required whilst also fixing any and all bugs alongside making sure the site looks pleasing to the eyes. My main tasks were to help research things and to make sure the site was functional with little to no errors.

Problem-Solving
Q4: One technical problem we faced was being unable to swap between pages at times. The first step I took to solve this issue was to look through the index.js to see how we were switching between pages beforehand.
Next, I copied the code and then changed the data I needed to change for it to work. Finally, I added in the new link for it, and double-checked via testing it in the live server.

Advice for Peers
Q5: I would recommend relying on your teammates, but remembering that they wont know the answer to everything. Make sure you all are happy with what you are working on alongside your role, and if someone needs help, offer to help them. If you are done with your portion of the project at that time, offer your assistance to others as you are a team, not a solo dev.